TA#34921 add partner_naics_code (#78)
Numigi/odoo-partner-addons: partner_naics_code/README.rst

Partner NAICS Code

> ===========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==================
```

This module adds a NAICS code creation menu in the contacts menu, while also allowing NAICS code selection during partner creation.

.. contents:: Table of Contents

Usage
-----
There is now a NAICS code creation menu in the configuration dropdown menu of the contacts module.

.. image:: static/description/config.png

> Users with the manager role can create an NAICS code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users with the Contact Creation group can create an NAICS code.
```
